Update Looking Beyond v1.0 (#28)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/lightpaper/beyond-v1.0/Marketplace.md

---
id: marketplace
title: Algorithm Marketplace
---

> The content that makes up our feeds on social networking websites is controlled by unseen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content that makes up our feeds on centralized social networking platforms is controlled by unseen
```
